## Spring Data Sample With JWT Security

In this installment, we will implement a security solution with JWT. JSON Web Tokens (JWT) are an open, industry standard RFC 7519 method for representing claims securely between two parties. The claims in a JWT are encoded as a JSON object that is digitally signed using JSON Web Signature (JWS) and/or encrypted using JSON Web Encryption (JWE). This sessionless security approach is suitable for a cloud based security solution.

First,  a JWT is created with a user information: user ID and the role in the security content. The token then can be used to identify the user in terms of authentication, who this user is, and authorization what resource access role this user has. We implement a JWT security solution in following steps.

1. TokenProvider

This class contains the following tow methods:
i) createToken: creating a token with a UserDetails object, which represents a user.
ii) getAuthenication: converting a token to a user authentication data

2. User login controller
Once a user is successfully sign in, a token is generated by invoking the createToken method of TokenProvider

3.JWTFilter
For any incoming requests, this filter is used to check and validate the token by invoking the getAuthentication method of the TokenProvider

4. Configuration of the JWTFilter
Adding the filter as a part of the security policy for the app.

Running the application:

First, log into the application by submitting a POST request to /accounts/login with a pair of userName and password such as "user" and "user". You shall receive a token after a successful login. In any consequential request, add "Authorization: Bearer <token>" in your request header.
   
All end-points of this application can be found on the Swagger page http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html

Spring Data Sample series:

 * [A single entity](https://github.com/vw98075/spring-data-sample)
 * [Related multiple entities](https://github.com/vw98075/spring-data-sample2) 
 * [Securing API access with an in-memory user setup](https://github.com/vw98075/spring-data-sample-security)
 * [Securing API access with a database user setup](https://github.com/vw98075/spring-data-sample-security-db-user)
 * Securing API access with JWT, a sessionless approach